hello everybody
so it's the first day of my new job
it's my first ever full-time job and i'm
all set up
in my office the spare room
i was feeling quite chill about it which
is quite unlike me because i usually
stress
but the nerves have kicked in a bit this
morning but i think that's normal
you know i'm out of my comfort zone i'm
used to going to lecture theaters and
having supervisions
and this is all a bit different for
those of you who don't know i am
starting as a risk analyst
today i have gone into much more detail
about my new job in a q a i did recently
so if you have questions about the job
go check that out honestly
today i think is going to be a lot of
listening to talks i'm pretty much in a
video call
all day i have got a bit of an advantage
because i did the internship
last year at the same company so i've
done a lot of the training sessions
before
it was a year ago i'm not gonna lie
think i have forgotten some things but
at least i have more of an idea of what
to expect i've literally got
all of my notes from my internship last
year to refer to
so yeah that's called taking initiative
honestly getting up this morning was a
struggle
my alarm went off and i was not happy i
honestly don't think i've got up before
8 30 a.m like any day at all
over summer i've always been having a
lion
so getting up at seven was
interesting to be fair i could have lied
in a bit longer but you know when you
have the jitters because it's
my first day and all that my welcome
sessions and the day
fully kicks off at nine i'm not gonna be
able to talk too much because i'm
literally
on video calls and i need to be
concentrating anyway but i will update
you in my breaks today i feel like an
adult
why am i working i'm still supposed to
be a child why am i starting a job
i did set everything up over the weekend
so hopefully my laptop should be running
fine
i've answered my meeting requests and
stuff i also didn't know what to wear i
went
for like a black smartish top
black trousers i know they're not really
going to see the bottom half of me
but just in case they get us all to
stand up and do a twirl
you never know planning for every
eventuality yeah i dressed
presentable okay headset on
wi-fi working i think we're ready to go
this is gonna be fine
i'm gonna channel that inner confidence
because i can be confident
i think i just need to go in feeling
chill feeling relaxed
in a few weeks time i'm going to be
settled
i am sure of it
[Music]
okay it is now my morning coffee break i
think i've got 15 minutes
until my next scheduled cool but so far
so good
it's nice to see some familiar faces
from my internship last year
and we had the opportunity to ask any
questions we wanted to
and we got a welcome to the company i
might go
grab something to eat because my tummy
is starting to rumble i've got my
biscuits
obviously i already knew the biggest
challenge with starting working from
home
would be getting help when i needed it
and
obviously i'm worried about my
progression starting off the job when i
don't have someone next to me to ask a
quick question
they are very much emphasizing that
extra effort does need to be put in from
our side
to ring up get help when we need it and
that from their side as well they are
going to be making an extra effort to
check up on us
so that hopefully working from home runs
as smoothly as possible
but yeah it's not an ideal situation
hopefully the office will open
soon good news is microsoft teams is
working
perfectly thank goodness for that and
these vanilla buns homemade by my mother
taste really good
[Music]
okay so it's time for my lunch break
i need to go get a coffee i've been
asking questions when i have them
trying to participate in the interactive
parts of the training sessions
thumbs up now let's just get me some
coffee
hello so you joined me at the coffee
point
no other fellow office workers are
around here at the moment
but i've made myself a latte
need to get some sugar walking around
like the professional working woman that
i
am nodding at colleagues who walk past
why am i so weird okay just putting my
metal straw in
all of the new grads starting have all
introduced ourselves to each other one
of the others is from cambridge as well
so i didn't know her but i need to chat
to her a bit more i need to ask her what
college she went to
you know we have common ground here we
both went to cambridge
oh i think i hear a fellow office worker
coming
oh is that my mother
never would have expected it busy
morning
yeah very busy have you put any bread in
for me i've just put the oven on i
haven't put the bread in
unbelievable that fellow office workers
now expect you to put their lunch on for
them
the cheek of it anyway i'm gonna have
lunch
finish my coffee and get on with the
afternoon's work
[Music]
okay so it's my afternoon coffee break
but i'm just using it to catch up with a
few admin bits and pieces we've got lots
of onboarding activities to do
so i'm just working through those while
i've got a bit of time before my next
video called training session but i've
just realized i have sent an
email to the head of my team saying
that just th a that's that was all that
was in the email
that i was supposed to be saying
thanks and then typing out a reply but i
accidentally sent
it before i'd finished typing it out and
i didn't realize i'd done this i sent
the true email a couple of minutes later
but i didn't realize
i sent the email just saying that
it's just computers you know and also
like a laptop
controls i just accidentally click
things oh
dear great impression the lead of the
team just gets an email through
saying that you can hopefully see that
it was a um
miss send i'm going to delete it from my
scent items so
i personally can forget it ever happened
right i'm going to get on with these
onboarding activities
and then on to our final video call of
the day
[Music]
okay so that is my first day of my new
job
complete and it went quite well i'd say
the majority of the day has just been
video calls
and training sessions learning about
different types of insurance products
and
the company as a whole reminding
ourselves of
business the company does and where we
fit into that
also this morning i asked when we start
taking study days and when we start
thinking about studying for our first
round of actuarial exams
and they said typically mid-october
so hopefully by mid-october i will be
back to doing some studying
every now and again and yeah that's
really all the updates i have for you
give the video a like if you enjoyed it
subscribe to my channel
follow my instagram hit the notification
bell
thanks for watching